c:\users\adesanctis_be\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\bin\Debug\VehicleTester.exe.config
c:\users\adesanctis_be\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\bin\Debug\VehicleTester.exe
c:\users\adesanctis_be\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\bin\Debug\VehicleTester.pdb
c:\users\adesanctis_be\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\VehicleTester.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\adesanctis_be\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\adesanctis_be\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\adesanctis_be\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\VehicleTester_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\adesanctis_be\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\VehicleTester_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\adesanctis_be\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\adesanctis_be\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\VehicleTester.g.resources
c:\users\adesanctis_be\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\VehicleTester.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\adesanctis_be\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\VehicleTester.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\adesanctis_be\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\VehicleTester.exe
c:\users\adesanctis_be\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\VehicleTester.pdb
c:\users\adesanctis_be\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\AddVehicles.g.cs
c:\users\adesanctis_be\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\Directions.g.cs
c:\users\adesanctis_be\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\TestVehicles.g.cs
c:\users\adesanctis_be\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\AddVehicles.baml
c:\users\adesanctis_be\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\Directions.baml
c:\users\adesanctis_be\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\TestVehicles.baml
C:\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\bin\Debug\VehicleTester.exe.config
C:\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\VehicleTester.exe
C:\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\VehicleTester.pdb
C:\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\bin\Debug\VehicleTester.exe
C:\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\bin\Debug\VehicleTester.pdb
C:\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\bin\Debug\VehicleLibrary.dll
C:\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\bin\Debug\VehicleLibrary.pdb
C:\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\VehicleTester.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\AddVehicles.g.cs
C:\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\Directions.g.cs
C:\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\TestVehicles.g.cs
C:\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\VehicleTester_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\VehicleTester_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\AddVehicles.baml
C:\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\Directions.baml
C:\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\TestVehicles.baml
C:\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\VehicleTester.g.resources
C:\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\VehicleTester.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\VehicleTester.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\AddVehiclesFluidLevels.g.cs
C:\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\AddVehiclesFluidLevels.baml
C:\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\AddVehiclesInterior.g.cs
C:\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\AddVehiclesInterior.baml
C:\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\AddVehiclesExternals.g.cs
C:\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\AddVehiclesExternals.baml
C:\Users\chilke\Documents\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\bin\Debug\VehicleTester.exe.config
C:\Users\chilke\Documents\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\VehicleTester.exe
C:\Users\chilke\Documents\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\VehicleTester.pdb
C:\Users\chilke\Documents\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\bin\Debug\VehicleTester.exe
C:\Users\chilke\Documents\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\bin\Debug\VehicleTester.pdb
C:\Users\chilke\Documents\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\bin\Debug\VehicleLibrary.dll
C:\Users\chilke\Documents\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\bin\Debug\VehicleLibrary.pdb
C:\Users\chilke\Documents\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\VehicleTester.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\chilke\Documents\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\AddVehicles.g.cs
C:\Users\chilke\Documents\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\AddVehiclesExternals.g.cs
C:\Users\chilke\Documents\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\AddVehiclesInterior.g.cs
C:\Users\chilke\Documents\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\AddVehiclesFluidLevels.g.cs
C:\Users\chilke\Documents\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\Directions.g.cs
C:\Users\chilke\Documents\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\chilke\Documents\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\TestVehicles.g.cs
C:\Users\chilke\Documents\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\chilke\Documents\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\VehicleTester_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\chilke\Documents\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\VehicleTester_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\chilke\Documents\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\AddVehicles.baml
C:\Users\chilke\Documents\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\AddVehiclesExternals.baml
C:\Users\chilke\Documents\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\AddVehiclesInterior.baml
C:\Users\chilke\Documents\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\AddVehiclesFluidLevels.baml
C:\Users\chilke\Documents\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\Directions.baml
C:\Users\chilke\Documents\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\chilke\Documents\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\TestVehicles.baml
C:\Users\chilke\Documents\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\VehicleTester.g.resources
C:\Users\chilke\Documents\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\VehicleTester.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\chilke\Documents\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\VehicleTester.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\chilke\Documents\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\VehicleApproved.g.cs
C:\Users\chilke\Documents\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\VehicleUnapproved.g.cs
C:\Users\chilke\Documents\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\VehicleApproved.baml
C:\Users\chilke\Documents\Git\VehicleTester\VehicleTester\obj\Debug\VehicleUnapproved.baml
